-------
Mission
-------

You recieve you assignments by email. Read them carefully, they for example contain the IP address of the machine you must hack. I'm not going to explain how you should go about the rest, because that would take the fun out of the game. But it's all quit self-explaining.


Just remember these things:

- After you succesfully connect to the target host using SSH, the target system will start to backtrace you. Don't let them completely trace you because this will lead to your arrest. You can view the trace process in the left lower corner during SSH sessions.

  If you don't think you are going to complete the mission before the trace completes, quickly disconnect and reconnect to try it again.

- VERY IMPORTANT: always delete your logfile before you disconnect from a SSH session. The logfiles are not always on the same place, because every system is different. But it's usually in a folder called "Logs". Find your logfile (192.168.010.001) and DESTROY (see Toolbox) it.

- If you get busted 3 times the game is over. The judge doesn't like a persistant hacker.


-----------
The toolbar
-----------

In the game you have various tools at your disposal. Some tools you will have to steal from remote systems first.


Button     Function
------     --------
   
Inbox    : This is your email inbox. This is where you recieve new assignments. Read these emails well, they contain lots of information you might need during a mission

Ping     : After you've read the mail, you will need to confirm if your target is online. You do this by using the Ping button. Enter the target IP address and ping it. Your computer will try to to contact the remote computer, and will tell you if it's online

Portscan : With portscan you can scan a verified IP address for open exploitable ports. Press the Portscan button and enter the target IP address, along with the scanning range. The range must be between 2000 and 4000 (usually it's best to enter these values)

SSH      : When you know the target IP address AND an exploitable open port, you can use SSH to connect to the target system

Password : With this you can hack the password of a remote host by using brute force. When you connect to SSH but don't know the password, use this tool

Virus    : This uploads and installs a virus on the remote host. You need to be in a SSH session to use this function. After it uploads it completely just close the Virus window, the console will automaticly install the uploaded virus

Get File : When in a SSH session, you can browse the target system by using dos commands like DIR and CD (see "Console Commands"). When you find a file you want to copy, click Get File. Input the filename, and if the file is found in the current folder, it will start to download it.
            The file is downloaded to your own (virtual) harddisk. All downloads are placed in the folder called Downloads

Kill File: To destroy a file simply click Kill File. Input the filename and it will destroy the file, if it's found in the current folder


Console commands
----------------

PING <ip address>
   For example: ping 127.0.0.1

   A ping sends packages to a remote host. If it's online, it will respond. This  way you can find out if your target is online


SSH <ip address> <port>
   For example: SSH 127.0.0.1 21

   This let's you connect to a remote host on an open port. After you bypass the login system, you can browse the target system


DIR (or LS)
   This lists all the files of the remote computer. An example of the output is:

   Command.com
   Io.sys
   Windows <DIR>
   Logs <DIR>

   Where "Command.com" and "Io.sys" are files, and "Windows" and "Logs" are folders


CD <foldername>
   For example: cd Windows

   This changes the folder you are viewing. After giving this command you can use the DIR command to see what files are in the folder

   To go back to the document root use on of these commands:
   CD ..
   CD \
   CD..
   CD\


MD <foldername> (or MKDIR)
   For example: mk myfiles

   This creates a new folder in the root of the file structure. You cannot make a folder inside of another folder (yet)


DEL <filename> (or RM)
   For example: del command.com

   This let's you delete a file in the current folder. This can not be undone.


IPCONFIG
   This shows amongst other things your own IP address
  
    
CLS
   This clears the screen


SAVE
   Saves the current state of the game. Including the changes you made in your local filesystem. The save-file is labeled with your handle/loginname. So if you played the game as "hax0r", you need to login the next time with the same name, to use the LOAD command to restore your own game


LOAD
   Loads the last SAVED game found with your handle/loginname
   

HELP
   Shows this text


SHUTDOWN
   Exits the game


-------------------------------------
Installing tools from the commandline
-------------------------------------

After you download a tool with the download command from a remote computer and go offline, you can install the tool on your own local system. Just navigate to the downloads folder and enter the name of the tool.

Example:
cd ..
cd downloads
PortscannerW32.exe

*press enter after each command


----------
Disclaimer
----------

This game is a simulation game. I didn't make this game to promote hacking, just as Nintendo didn't make Super Mario to promote you to jump on peoples heads. Seriously, this game is made for fun. It's probably not even close to the read thing.
